contributing: Optimize commands, text in release procedure (#2414)
OSGeo/grass: doc/howto_release.md

echo "https://grass.osgeo.org/grass$MAJOR$MINOR/source/"
```

### Update redirects

For final minor and major releases (not release candidates and micro releases),
update `grass-stable` redirect at `osgeo8-grass`:

```bash
sudo vim /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/000-default.conf`
```

Load the new configuration:

```bash
sudo systemctl reload apache2`
```

> For new branches: Udpate `grass-devel` using the steps above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For new branches: Update `grass-devel` using the steps above.
```

## Tell others about release

- If release candidate:
    - <grass-dev@lists.osgeo.org>

If final release, publish related announcement press release at:

- Our main mailing lists:

>     - <https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-announce> | <grass-announce@lists.osgeo.org> (who can post here?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - <https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-announce> | <grass-announce@lists.osgeo.org> (shortened release email to be sent by release manager)
```

    - <https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-dev> | <grass-dev@lists.osgeo.org>
    - <https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-user> | <grass-user@lists.osgeo.org>

> - FreeGIS: <freegis-list@intevation.de> (we need procedure for local mailing lists)

Reviewer: Let's just drop this one.

> - OSGeo.org: <news_item@osgeo.org>, <info@osgeo.org> (who can post here?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OSGeo.org: <news_item@osgeo.org>, <info@osgeo.org> (shortened release email to be sent by release manager)
```

## Tell others about release

- If release candidate:
    - <grass-dev@lists.osgeo.org>

If final release, publish related announcement press release at:

- Our main mailing lists:
    - <https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-announce> | <grass-announce@lists.osgeo.org> (who can post here?)
    - <https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-dev> | <grass-dev@lists.osgeo.org>
    - <https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/grass-user> | <grass-user@lists.osgeo.org>

> - FreeGIS: <freegis-list@intevation.de> (we need procedure for local mailing lists)

Author: ```suggestion
```
